Alight, one nice feature of Spring
Boot is it gives us the capability to
use WebJars. So this is a default
functionality of Spring Boot to bring
WebJars to the table. So what WebJars
are, they're jar files that are available
in Maven repositories of popular web
components. So I'm going to toggle over to
the WebJars site now and we can see that
here's webjars.org and you can see
there's a variety of things there. And
right away we got the popular Web
Jars and what we want to do is grab
bootstrap now. At the time of writing,
3.3.7 is the most recent. We will grab the
3.3.7-1. It looks like a very small change
there. I can come over here to Maven and
grab that. Grab in that dependency. I'm
going to copy that. This command+c, toggle back over to
IntelliJ and we are going to drop that
into here and we also want to grab
jQuery which happens to be right above
it. Take this, so we'll get the 3.2.1
release of jQuery and it's going
to tell it to import the changes. Now
what we want to do is come over to our
index file and we want to start using
those WebJars in there and we are using
the CDN. I'll close this window here. But we're
going to tell Thymeleaf to use the WebJars. So we want to do now is go in and
add the Thymeleaf tags for the run time
and I've cheated a little bit in my
preparation. I've gone in and copied them
over so I have these prepared so you
don't see me try to remember and type
all that out. And what this is going to
do is tell Thymeleaf to substitute that
in and I did catch one other mistake
here that I made before. We didn't
include jQuery. So I'm also going to
include that now and just as a reminder
we've got to include these in sequence.
So now we'll get the jQuery
brought in as well as the bootstrap
JS file so we'll get the animations there. So let's go ahead and
run this now. Just as a recap there on
line 10, I'm using a Thymeleaf th:href to
replace this href here for the CDN. So
people get confused on this because when
I run this as a natural template, if I
come up here and say run in Chrome,
which of course opens up in my other
window, but then this is actually running
from the filesystem right in the browser. But when I run it under Spring Boot,
I'm going to start the Spring Boot
application, Thymeleaf is running and
it's going to substitute that URL for
the href at runtime.
And this one is running through
the application. So close those guide,
here's our Recipe home.  Let's go ahead and
now we can see that that is in fact
running from that. So if I come in here
and do a view page source we can see
that the href has been replaced and I
can click on that and now that's being
served by a Spring Boot via Tomcat. And
just make sure these others are working.
jQuery is not working. Oh I need update
the version there. So let's go and do
that real quick. So I just want to point
out also my testing. The bootstrap jar
actually has a dependency on 1.11.1
of jQuery. So let's go ahead and I think
it's probably better if we get rid of.
I think it would be better if we don't
use the other version. So it will go
ahead and depend on the curated
dependencies. Now and we'll see things
restart here.
I should, so yeah there it goes.
Our Spring Boot DevTools kicking in.
So now let's come in and do a refresh
here and double-check that dependency.
Again I'm just going with the curated
dependencies of the WebJars. So now here's
jQuery and we're still not seeing him. Let's double check that. 1.11.1 and pause
this for a second. Okay I did a little
troubleshooting there and actually what
happened was I had to manually do a
restart on Spring Boot because I changed
the Maven dependency so libraries were
not correct. That older version of jQuery
was not getting picked up so when I did
a restart, I can come back over, do a
view page source and we could see that
jQuery is in fact resolving properly and
also let's double-check the bootstrap. So
all our web resources are now
resolving properly.